01.wav | The body feels under threat even though there is no threat. This is natural and can happen to anyone. Before meditating, my anxiety was high. I used to worry about my future a lot.
02.wav | I have empathy and compassion for those people as I initially found meditation difficult. Like many beginners, I experienced side effects like boredom and agitation.
03.wav | A flow state is an ideal psychological construct to become creative, productive, and happy. However, it is not just a concept.
04.wav | Flow state is ideal for work and study as this state is directly related to our cognitive capabilities such as focus, attention, task switching, memory, and problem-solving.
05.wav | I am not a fast swimmer. I never went out for a swim team. The diving part, you know? I never went off a high dive. Not on my bucket list. Never will be.
06.wav  | I believe now that it’s my way of meditating. I can easily let my thoughts go, using my breath as my mantra, in through the mouth, out through the nose.
07.wav | My wife sleeps peacefully in the bed behind me. I am at the laptop again. Early morning. On the road. Another great trip, but my mind begins to wander. And with each new turn it takes another regret slams into me.
08.wav | If you are getting 8 to 10 hours of sleep per night while enjoying your work, hobbies, and family life, try adding something unnecessary that places high pressure on you.
09.wav | But the best part about our adventure was something I could never have foreseen, especially as a young person fantasizing about a dream vacation far into the future.
10.wav | There’s an emotional tug of war in society. For some it is the fear of being alone. For others, a need to be included in everything which means that alone time is rarely factored into their lives. But that busyness, and forever doing, has been found to create its own form of stress and anxiety.
11.wav | Those who feel strongly that they always need company will often view those who are content to be by themselves at times, as lonely and left out. Nothing could be further from the truth. And sometimes it’s only when things reach boiling point, for the busy people among us, that they realize the need for me time.
12.wav | Guests love to tell us how much fun we must have playing with the makeup all day, but we are not allowed to do our makeup with the tester makeup. While we can swatch the makeup on our hands or arms, if we are seen applying the makeup to our face, we can get in trouble. We get gratis, which means we get to try products for free so that we can sell them to the guests.
13.wav | The trip was amazing. I fell for South America the first time I saw her, and the crush continues. I have been there several times since, and I highly recommend it.
14.wav | The bumper sticker was born not too long after cars got bumpers, which was in 1927. Before the bumper sticker, the creation of the sticker as we know it today was created by Ray Stanton Avery, who made the first pressure sensitive labels.
15.wav | When you see these, there’s usually a story behind them, small or big.
16.wav | My sister invited my wife and me to join her for a day at the Magic Kingdom. I hadn’t been to Disneyland in years but I wasn’t interested. I don’t like crowds, tourist traps or long lines.
17.wav | The room was spinning. I closed my eyes and focused on the ice beneath my neck. If I could summon sleep then the migraine might go away. 
18.wav | It all started with a shaky start to my educational life throughout my journey through kindergarten, first, and second grade.
19.wav | Well as the school year started, some other stellar students and I found each other and formed a bond over our evil teacher. 
20.wav | The rest of the day I could not concentrate. I replayed the scenario in my head. The one where I get home and Mom has the card of death in her hand and asks me what I have been up to.
